Adding FedCM Change Log of Chrome 116/117 (#7314)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/fedcm-updates/index.md

To stay updated on the FedCM API changes, please subscribe to [our
newsletter](https://groups.google.com/g/fedcm-developer-newsletter).

### Chrome 117 (Sep 2023)

> - Idp Sign-In Status API is now supported on Android Chrome 117 as well. Learn more from [FedCM updates](/blog/fedcm-chrome-116-updates/#idp-signin-status).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Origin trial for Idp Sign-In Status API has started on Android Chrome 117 as well. Learn more from [FedCM updates: IdP Sign-In Status API, Login Hint, and more](/blog/fedcm-chrome-116-updates/#idp-signin-status).
```

### Chrome 116 (Aug 2023)

- Added support for following three new features in Chrome 116

>   - Login Hint API: Specify a preferred user account to be signed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Login Hint API**: Specify a preferred user account to be signed in.
```

>   - User Info API: Fetch the information of the returning user so that the identity provider (IdP) can render a personalized sign-in button within an iframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **User Info API**: Fetch the information of the returning user so that the identity provider (IdP) can render a personalized sign-in button within an iframe.
```

>   - RP Context API: Use a title different from 'Sign in' in the FedCM dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **RP Context API**: Use a title different from 'Sign in' in the FedCM dialog.
```

- Origin Trial for IdP Sign-In Status API is starting.

> - Learn more from [FedCM updates](/blog/fedcm-chrome-116-updates/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn more from [FedCM updates: IdP Sign-In Status API, Login Hint, and more](/blog/fedcm-chrome-116-updates/).
```

> ### Chrome 117 (Sep 2023)
> 
> - Origin trial for Idp Sign-In Status API has started on Android Chrome 117 as well. Learn more from [FedCM updates: IdP Sign-In Status API, Login Hint, and more](/blog/fedcm-chrome-116-updates/#idp-signin-status).
> 
> ### Chrome 116 (Aug 2023)
> 
> - Added support for following three new features in Chrome 116
>   - **Login Hint API**: Specify a preferred user account to be signed in.
>   - **User Info API**: Fetch the information of the returning user so that the identity provider (IdP) can render a personalized sign-in button within an iframe.
>   - **RP Context API**: Use a title different from 'Sign in' in the FedCM dialog.
> - Origin Trial for IdP Sign-In Status API is starting.
> - Learn more from [FedCM updates: IdP Sign-In Status API, Login Hint, and more](/blog/fedcm-chrome-116-updates/).
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Chrome 117 (Sep 2023)

- Origin trial for Idp Sign-In Status API is available on Android from Chrome 117. Learn more about it in [FedCM updates: IdP Sign-In Status API, Login Hint, and more](/blog/fedcm-chrome-116-updates/#idp-signin-status).

### Chrome 116 (Aug 2023)

- Added support for following three features in Chrome 116:
  - **Login Hint API**: Specify a preferred user account to be signed in.
  - **User Info API**: Fetch the information of the returning user so that the identity provider (IdP) can render a personalized sign-in button within an iframe.
  - **RP Context API**: Use a title different from 'Sign in' in the FedCM dialog.
- Origin Trial for IdP Sign-In Status API is available. Learn more about it in [FedCM updates: IdP Sign-In Status API, Login Hint, and more](/blog/fedcm-chrome-116-updates/).

```
